Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 1: First Death]
That guy is acting up again.
I may not have that weapon,
but I can beat the likes of you.
Huh? Okay. Hey.
Attack. Hey, you have to protect me.
What are you doing?
Okay, turn around. You're on defense.
We have to do this all at once,
all at once.
Okay, let's go. Let's go!
Hey, hey, hey. Get them.
Okay!
Hey, you see that?
I told you all to listen to me.
You have to do this and this to win.
Look at this.
All you need to do is listen to me.
It's Mom!
The speed of light is not
just a turn of phrase.
There are times when a person can
actually move at the speed of light.
Are you asleep?
No. I'm going to study a little more.
Your face is so thin
from all that studying.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Okay.
By the way...
you're in here alone, right?
Why?
I thought I heard someone yelling
from your room.
Was it the neighbors?
Was it this?
I had it on loud a moment ago.
Oh... turn off the lights before bed.
Oh, hey. Follow him. Follow him.
No one is watching.
I'll never make money.
Would you watch a crappy thing like that?
Who would watch trash like that?
It's better than that trash
you're wearing.
Oh, I wish my eyes had never seen it.
Just take care yourself.
I told you to call me Older Brother.
You have the mentality
of a little child.
- How dare you!
- You.
I noticed you even fabricated
your report card this time.
- How did you...
- Should I tell Mom the truth?
No.
Go to sleep.
Are you going to the convenience store?
Bring me back banana ice cream.
You know I don't have money.
Really?
Then should I wake up Mom
and tell her?
Okay. Banana, banana.
A beverage would be nice too.
Hey, who are you?
Do you know him?
Jae Hoon.
No, I don't know him.
Shi Kyung...
You two know each other?
Get over here.
Get over here. Hey, get over here.
Hey! Go that way.
Gosh, that little rat.
Wait until I catch you!
Hi.
What can you do? I know
this place like the back of my hand.
Sorry, you can take everything I have.
Sorry, but I'm on a diet.
My girlfriend says I need to lose weight.
Don't you have anything else
besides this?
Punk... you didn't waste my time.
Don't you have any credit cards?
No.
Next time, get some cards.
I'm going enjoy eating this.
Darn it.
What? Jae Hoon reported me?
Yes.
But, why would he report me?
He said you were a witness.
I heard you saw Jae Hoon being attacked.
Were you beat up too?
No... I fell.
You need to tell us the truth.
This won't do.
Tell your mother to come by.
I'll be a witness.
Is it that difficult for your mother
to come by once?
She's busy.
Witness? You?
Are you sure you're a witness?
You weren't fighting too?
What happened to your face?
No, I told you I fell.
Aunt, he can't fight.
He always loses to me.
Lee Shi Young.
You're going to say I shouldn't
talk to my brother that way
and to not use my cell phone
at the table.
You know, so why do it?
You know your nagging is useless,
so why do you keep doing it, Mom?
- What?
- You continue to nag.
I keep acting this way.
What's the difference?
Neither of us changes our habits.
Hey, how is that the same?
You sure talk well.
Forget it. Let's stop talking about it.
Hey, Lee Shi Young. Come back here.
Shi Kyung.
At times like this, Aunt,
I am very thankful for you.
Nothing good will come
by following her.
Seriously, now.
Now that I think about it,
I haven't visited the kids' school.
But, I suppose it would be odd
to visit out of the blue.
- Yeah!
- He hasn't died yet.
Wow. Amazing.
That's awesome.
Wow, this is seriously amazing.
Son, you're at school, right?
Of course, I'm studying hard.
Okay, study hard. See you soon.
I'm finishing up self-study time
and going to the cafe.
Oh, too bad
He was winning.
Aunt! Aunt, Aunt.
Aunt, where's Mom?
Why isn't she picking up?
I don't know. She told me
to watch the cafe and left.
That's strange. Is it a short circuit?
This made a buzzing sound.
You can fix electrical issues, right?
No way. Impossible.
Mom isn't the type to visit school.
Why do I feel so anxious?
"See you soon"?
I asked you if you can fix this!
Aunt, did Mom mention
going to my school?
Oh yeah. She said she was going.
She said last night that
she was going to your school.
I must stop her!
As soon as Mom meets my homeroom teacher,
my entire ecosystem will end.
Are you really Shi Kyung's
homeroom teacher?
His homeroom teacher must have changed.
- No, it hasn't.
- What?
That's strange. I thought it was a man.
I'm glad you came though.
I told Shi Kyung I wanted to meet
his mother, yet you never came.
You never answered your phone either.
- Excuse me?
- I'm sure you must know.
Shi Kyung is a severe case.
Severe case? In what way?
His grades went up a lot recently, and
he stays up late studying every night.
He stays up late listening
to lectures on the internet.
Shi Kyung's grades went up?
Yes.
This is his last report card.
I brought it for us to discuss.
Here you go.
This is a fake, ma'am.
What?
I never thought Shi Kyung
would do something like this.
These are Shi Kyung's real grades.
They are progressively declining.
Mom!
Why didn't you tell me you were
planning to come to school?
What about my homeroom teacher?
Did you two meet?
No. Why?
Well, the thing is...
my homeroom teacher is away at a funeral.
You probably can't reach him.
Is that so?
You know that number I gave you?
You can call that number.
Why did you come today of all days?
I jumped over walls, rushing to get here.
Mom?
Mother?
Oh... all right.
I'll call.
But... why are you here?
Me?
Ah, well...
I had to buy a workbook,
so I came by.
Then, I wanted to go
to the cafe. You know how it is.
Aunt said you were at school, and
you weren't picking up your phone.
So, I ran over.
Okay, you should head inside.
Okay, I will.
I have lots to study.
Where's your workbook? You didn't buy it?
Workbook? What workbook?
Ah!
They didn't have it.
I'll go to a big bookstore tomorrow.
All right. Get going.
Hey... it's me.
My mom might call you later.
Well, what happened is...
Never mind. I'll be right there.
Please let go of me.
Hey.
What's your ranking?
You can see, just by looking
at him... he's given up.
Given up on the exams and college.
It's written all over his face.
This guy is ranked number one,
our school's ace.
His father is the real power
behind our school.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Hey, shut up.
My school record is too clean
to dirty it up with assault.
Let's make sure it stays clean.
Yeah, we were just joking around.
Why is everyone overreacting?
If you are going to be a witness...
go and say "I don't know anything."
"I heard wrong."
You've seen that a lot on TV.
Just don't go at all!
If you attend as a witness...
you are dead. Understand?
Do you understand?
What should we do?
Should we review it again
in case you don't understand?
Huh?
Gosh! Why are they picking on me?
Did you not get enough sleep
at school today?
You're very sensitive.
You said your mom never met
your homeroom teacher.
Is something else going on with you?
- No.
- That's good then.
Hey, don't come here and throw tantrums.
I'm sick and tired of dealing
with the temper tantrums of loser kids.
I feel like things are going wrong.
Hey, hey. Just be careful.
You've been a bit much lately.
Fabricating your report card?
Isn't that practically a crime?
That's what I'm saying.
I think I've gone too far.
I have a bad feeling about this and that.
Just enjoy the ramen.
Throw out the soup over there
when you're done.
It's your mom.
Really? See, I told you.
I knew she would call.
Bro, you have to do a good job.
You're at a funeral, okay?
Okay.
Hello.
Yes. Hello, Shi Kyung's mother.
I am Shi Kyung's homeroom teacher.
Why are you calling?
Me? I'm currently at a funeral.
What? You want to come here?
No.
That won't do.
I'm not in Seoul right now.
I'm far away... very far.
Pardon me? Oh, where am I?
Jeju Island... Jeju Island.
I'm on Jeju Island.
The father of my friend on Jeju Island
passed away suddenly.
- I suddenly had to--
- I am in Jeju Island now.
Homeroom Teacher.
What?
What is it?
That's hot! Oh, it's hot.
Come home and show me all of the
internet lectures on your computer.
- No!
- Why?
Why can't you?
What kind of lectures are they, exactly?
Why are your grades so low
if you watch them every night?
What could you be watching that would
turn you into one who fabricates grades?
I'm so curious. I have to see it.
No, you can't see it...
It will raise you blood pressure.
It's porn, isn't it?
Mom! How can you say that out loud?
Did you see it when I wasn't there?
You can't do that!
That hurts.
I heard you're ranked number one
at playing those games.
What? You were watching
internet lectures all night?
- Playing games and watching porn.
- Mom!
No violence. Use words.
Ouch!
Words, yeah right.
Words are used for people.
Are you even a person? Are you?
All my friends do it!
Where are you going?
We're putting a stop to this today.
Wait.
Yes. Hello.
Speaking.
The police station?
Whoever it is, thank you very much.
What?
What did you say?
I'm sorry. I'll make sure
this doesn't happen again.
I'm so sorry.
Sorry.
Why isn't Shi Young coming?
I'll get her.
We're sorry.
- Bye.
Why are you acting up too?
Really, why are you acting like this?
What did I do?
Looking like this,
fighting with college students.
It wasn't a fight.
We had an argument,
she got a small scratch and...
that college student totally overreacted.
So annoying.
Gosh, seriously.
Do you want to wear trash
and act like trash?
What did you say? Trash?
Stop it. That's enough.
I really can't stand it.
[Jung Soo]
The electricity was acting up,
so I stepped out for a bit.
These strange people came running in.
Sis.
They must work for the place we borrowed
money from when we were desperate.
I pleaded with them
to wait just a little longer.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I used the children's father's
inheritance as collateral.
Sorry. I'm very sorry.
Who was that?
Grandma.
Why would Grandma call us?
Did this happen to her house too?
Let's move.
What?
I thought we had nowhere to go.
We do have a place.
Let's move.
Mom, are you serious?
Where are we going and when?
I have to show up as a witness.
We'll go as soon as we
lose this house to the bank.
Will I have to transfer schools?
I don't want to!
Listen carefully.
From this point on, don't tell me
what you want or don't want.
That is a luxury for us right now.
They say you need to die and come back
to life several times to become an adult.
Consider this a death, and listen to me.
Where, exactly, are we going?
Where are we going?
You're scaring us like this.
Hey... I'm cold.
Close it.
Hey, I said I'm cold.
Hey. It's cold.
We'll probably get kicked out.
Why?
Will Grandma take us in?
Don't you remember going there when we
were younger, and she wouldn't open up?
Did she?
- Hello.
- Hey.
Why would you call over something
as stupid as that?
Okay...
Who is this?
You've forgotten me already?
I'm a little hurt.
I knew you wouldn't have
the courage to be a witness.
Be well, okay?
Be a coward, as usual.
I will do it!
Hello? Hey!
What was that? What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Are you going to transfer?
Listen to me.
Give that to me.
Let's just say we're going
to live in Seoul.
We can live at a friend's place
or rent a room.
I don't want to live with Grandma.
I don't want to either,
but that's not so easy.
Mom could help...
Hey!
Mom, my cell phone fell out of the car.
Stop the car. Stop the car!
Mom... Mom!
Mister, my phone fell out.
Mister! Stop for a second.
Mom, I'm paying for that
in 36 monthly installments.
Wow!
I'm already here.
I'm in front of Grandma's house.
Oh, that? I brought it.
Okay, I got it. Just hurry up.
Jung Soo, Jung Soo, Jung Soo.
The GPS is giving me weird directions.
Is the address wrong?
Hold on, Mister.
We're almost there,
and I'm confused. Where is it?
Is it over there?
What is that? They pretend
to be corpses here too?
Pretend to be corpses?
Kids at my school do that a lot.
But, I've never seen anyone do it alone.
What are you doing with my phone?
Hey, what is this on my phone?
Don't delete it.
Mom! What are you going
to do about my phone?
What do you think you're doing!
Mother.
It's been a long time.
I'm very sorry to show up,
with all our belongings, like this.
You people... what is...
There is no other way
for the three of us to live.
They're your bloodline,
so please take us in.
- Please.
- What?
"Take us in"?
After what happened to their father,
we never saw you again, Mother.
So, I tried to do
whatever I could on my own.
But, there is nowhere I can go
and nothing more I can do.
I have no money either.
Please help me.
You must be crazy.
You're wasting your time.
Go back.
Shi... Shi...
Shi Yoon.
He's the eldest, Shi Kyung.
He looks very much like his father.
But, he is a terrible student.
He's addicted to games and even had
the guts to fabricate his report card.
I don't know if you remember,
but this is Shi Young.
I thought she was smart,
so I sent her to school a year early.
Now, she's full of hot air and
goes around acting strange.
What do you expect me to do?
I was busy making a living, and
I couldn't focus on my children.
If I don't focus on them now,
I don't know what will happen to them.
They are your grandchildren.
Please take them in.
You raised them poorly.
What do you expect me to do?
There's nothing I can do.
Go away.
Mother, Mother.
Mister, please unload the truck for now.
What are you planning to do?
- What about the tent?
- It's here.
Shi Kyung, unload the truck
with the driver.
No, let's all unload the truck,
and then pitch the tent.
Mom, we're pitching a tent.
How? Why?
No, that's wrong.
Pull that side. Pull it.
Shi Kyung, are you not going
to pay attention?
Pull it hard, okay?
Hold it.
What is this?
How many hours have the four
of us spent on this tent?
- Then do it alone, Mom.
- What?
You can't do it alone,
so why take it out on us?
Shi Young.
Aunt, are you sure this is a proper tent?
I don't know. Your mom
just told me to bring it.
Mom, suppose we do pitch it...
do you really think we can sleep here?
He's right.
Not even for a night.
How can four people sleep in this?
Do you think if we do this,
Grandma will pity us and open the door?
So what if it makes no sense?
Unless you have a better solution
don't say another word
and put up the tent.
Anything else would be
better than the tent.
I hate this tent!
Lee Shi Young, get back here.
This isn't Seoul, you know.
Get back here!
Why, that little...
I'll go get her.
Hey, Lee Shi Young!
Stop right there.
Hold it up.
Hey.
Wait up, seriously.
What is that?
I know, right?
Wow.
Things like that still happen.
You think you can live here?
There was that girl pretending
to be a corpse and now this funeral.
Doesn't it all feel wrong?
So what if it is?
Let's run away to Seoul.
Where and how will you live?
We can get part-time jobs.
You're friends with Myung Soo,
so stay at the internet cafe.
I'll look into staying
at friend's house.
I'm sure Mom will get a place
for us, at some point.
Let's go back for now, make the tent,
and pretend to listen to Mom.
We can hide our stuff
in Aunt Jung Soo's car.
You want to go tonight? How?
Are you going to sleep in that tent?
No.
I'll look for a way to leave. Come on.
Hurry up and get out.
We can't all sleep in there.
We're all going to sleep in here.
Just sleep in the tent. Get out.
Are you planning on doing
a tent protest to Grandma?
Just come out. Come out and talk.
Come out now. Come out.
Mother.
Mother. Mother, please just listen.
Mother!
Mother, please hear me out. Mother.
I know we showed up suddenly.
Shi Kyung, I think you should go--
Please...
Mother.
Where did they go?
You're out this late at night?
You're still here?
I'm supposed to meet Yong Gi's grandpa.
Oh yeah. You must have visitors at home.
How did you know that?
I heard from Ga Ram.
He said he saw some kids.
My daughter-in-law and
grandchildren came barging in.
What?
It's been a long time.
You must happy to see them.
The problem is that I'm
not happy to see them at all.
- Why?
- Did they ever visit or call me?
Did they ever send me anything
for the holidays?
Since now they have nowhere to go,
they're barging in with all their stuff.
Did they think I would come running out
with no shoes on and greet them?
That's odd. I don't remember it that way.
What do you mean?
Even last year,
your daughter-in-law came with the kids.
Who locked the doors and chased them off?
Was it someone else?
I never did that.
When your daughter-in-law
called during the holidays
you hung up telling her to be quiet.
I saw it with my own eyes.
That wasn't you either?
So, what did you do?
Did you chase them away?
Since when do you have so much
interest in the affairs of others?
Others? You're not just another person.
You're a hospice family member.
That is correct.
The hospice family is more
than enough for me.
I don't care if they leave or stay.
Tell them to do as they wish.
Yong Gi's grandpa went
to the storage area.
Stop that. You're going
to attract ghosts.
Hey, this is pretty addictive.
Hey, there are stars.
Wow... wow.
We are going to miss the last bus.
They're not picking up.
What should we do?
Shouldn't we report it to the police?
- No, leave them be.
- Sis!
They planned it and ran away.
Leave them, and let them suffer.
They don't know the roads,
and they don't have money.
They'll come back
if they have nowhere to go.
It's cold. Let's go in the tent.
I'm seriously going crazy.
I know it's cold,
but try to sleep a little.
It's okay. I'll stay up all night.
All right, then.
I don't think I could sleep anyway.
You surprised me so many times today.
It was a real mystery why you
told me to bring this tent.
You knew how Grandma would react.
When you know her, it's easy to predict.
I thought you would be
a bit naive like me.
You're surprisingly strong.
Honestly, you're a bit shameless...
What about you? You followed me.
Aren't you shameless?
I'm just including myself here
in case she lets you guys in.
- Are you an extra bonus?
- Maybe not.
Regardless, I'm not the main lead.
But, you and Grandma
have lived like strangers.
Now, you brought everything,
and you're coming at her like this.
What can I do? This is my only option.
I know I followed you here.
But, I'm so scared of Grandma that
I feel like my heart's going to stop.
You really are something.
I'm really not.
It's just my survival instinct.
What are we going to do?
Are you leaving the kids like this?
I can't do anything right now.
I have to wait for Mother
to open the door.
All I can do is wait
for the kids to come back.
Will Grandma really open the door?
I don't know.
After what happened
to the kid's father...
she detests me.
She may never open the door.
Then, what are we going to do?
She wouldn't open the door for me.
I thought she would
change her mind for the kids.
[Seoul]
Mister, Mister, Mister!
Mister, Mister!
Hey, seriously?
It's your fault we missed the last bus!
- It's because you're ugly.
- What?
- Put on makeup.
- Why don't you?
- You ugly thing.
- Don't you look in the mirror?
I don't have a mirror!
Oh! Hold the sign up.
Mister!
Oh, they stopped.
- Hey, hey.
- They stopped.
That driver must be blind.
Hi.
This guy.
Why is he making me run again?
Lee Shi Kyung, where are you going?
What's wrong?
Gosh.
What? What do you mean?
Why would Shi Kyung do that?
Your aunt and I will come there,
so don't go anywhere.
No, first, we have to call the police.
Police? Did something happen
to Shi Kyung?
Hurry and find the number
of the police station here.
Police station number.
Stop following me!
- Stop running.
- You're dead.
- What?
- Get him.
- Why would you follow me here?
- Hey!
Gosh.
Hey.
Look, who are you people?
Hey! Where do you think you're going?
He's gone.
Oh, Honey!
Let us pray.
Kim Yi Ji, Susannah, who has
left us today...
Honey!
That punk is like a little rat.
What are we doing
in the middle of nowhere?
I think this is fun.
Isn't it kind of cute how
he's playing hard to get?
Maybe not.
Where is he though?
I suppose it'll be fun once
we get to stomp on him.
- Maybe he's here.
- I don't think so.
I'm telling you, he's not here.
He is definitely in here.
- He's not here.
- Why would he be here?
I have a feeling he's in here.
He's here.
Hey, he isn't here.
Let's stop now and go.
Would he really be a witness
when we've scared him this much?
This guy...
Let's go.
Wait.
No, no. You can't.
Have a nice nap.
Rest while you're in there.
- No, no, no!
- You should've showered first.
- Travel safe.
- Open up.
No!
Hey, be quiet.
I have a confession
to make. I like you.
Let's see each other again, okay?
In the next life, okay?
Open it. Open it. Open it!
Please open it!
- Please open it.
- Bye.
Please save me!
Mom!
Is anyone there? Anyone out there?
You have to die and come back to life
several times to become an adult.
I suddenly recalled Mom's words.
Is this my first death?
Mom! Mom, Mom, Mom.
Mom... Mom.
Shi Kyung.
Why was he being chased?
Did you call the police?
- Did you see where they went?
- They ran that way.
What's over that way?
I don't know.
You reported that someone
was being chased?
Shi Kyung... Lee Shi Kyung.
It was three people.
Three people followed him.
Someone at the hospice said that
four male student intruders came in.
- Let's go there.
- We'll be right behind you.
Get in. Hurry up.
Hospice?
Why would students be here?
We don't know.
This has never happened before.
They didn't look like
they were from around here.
Strange things keep happening.
- Get a coffin ready.
- All right.
Who needs the coffin today?
It's a young man who
was in a motorcycle accident.
He had no relatives either.
I thought he ought to be sent off
in burial clothing, so I made him some.
I see.
Mother. What are you doing here?
Did you follow me all the way here?
There's a person in the coffin!
What are you talking about?
We are going to use
the coffin at the funeral.
Is it a corpse?
I don't know. I have to open it.
Lee Shi Kyung!
What are you doing in there?
Shi Kyung.
Is he alive?
He is alive.
Let's move him to the hospice ward.
Lee Shi Kyung...
Shi Kyung.
Lee Shi Kyung, are you okay?
Where...
No!
Open it. Please open it!
Shi Kyung, what happened?
Those three boys did it, right?
We need to report this to the police.
No! It's not like that.
What?
It's a crime to trap
a person in a coffin.
I told you it's not like that.
I got into the coffin myself.
What do you mean?
You couldn't have hammered
the nails in yourself.
I fell asleep there.
Someone must have done it by accident.
Does that make sense?
How could one not know you were in there?
You climbed in there yourself?
You got in that coffin yourself?
Why did you do it?
Just because...
I didn't have a place to sleep.
What?
I didn't want to sleep in the tent.
Because you don't like tents?
That doesn't make sense.
Tell us the truth now.
That is the truth.
I didn't want to sleep in the tent.
There was nowhere to sleep.
Shi Kyung is right about that.
I can take him now, right?
I'm sick. I'm really sick.
He isn't injured anywhere.
He can go.
No, I really am sick.
I have a lot of mental trauma
and feel panicky.
I feel very dizzy, and
my arms and legs feel numb.
Let's go.
Let's get as much in the yard as we can
before Mother changes her mind, okay?
Do it properly.
Sis, Sis.
You two can share
the room on the inside.
Keep this lump with you.
Mother, thank you.
You can share with me.
I don't want to.
Shi Kyung, you can use
that room over there.
That room hasn't had the spirit
of a person in it for a long time.
It will feel cold.
I turned on the heat
and put blankets in there.
Why does Shi Kyung get
his own room and I--
Why do you refer to your older brother
by his name, Shi Kyung?
So I call Shi Kyung, Shi Kyung.
What of it?
They're in the same grade,
so I haven't been able to fix that.
Sorry, Mother.
Before your father left for college,
that was his room.
He used it when he was about your age.
He always had so many secrets.
He used to lock it with a key.
Now, you can use it.
You will get sick if you suffer.
Just get some rest.
I think we need to start getting
on Shi Kyung's good side.
This is what my dad looked like
when he was my age?
Secrets?
What were they?
Strangely, I have no memories of my dad.
That night, I had a dream of being lost
in a place I didn't recognize.
Shi Kyung. Wake up, Shi Kyung.
[I knew if I stayed around long enough,
something like this would happen.]
Lee Shi Kyung, you need to go to school.
School?
What school?
You want us to use these?
Mom, who uses these nowadays?
Give it back then.
Hey, where are you going?
You don't know the way there.
Hey, Lee Shi Kyung.
You're banned from games
and forbidden to stay out late.
Mom!
Also, who were those
three boys last night?
Was it about you being a witness?
No.
It's nothing, so don't worry, Mom.
I said it's not.
You have to not worry me so much.
That's true.
- You're killing me.
- Ouch, ouch.
Mom! I was a patient
in the hospital yesterday.
Don't even think about trying
to slide by like you did in Seoul.
Still, this isn't right.
I suffered a lot yesterday.
Ow... ow, ow.
Mom, I think I need a CT scan.
Hurry up and follow Shi Young.
Jung Soo, what are you doing?
We need to head out.
I'm in pain.
Whether it's Seoul or here...
all the girls in Korea
look the same from behind.
Long hair, school uniform,
and short skirts.
They even look similar
from the side and the front.
They're either looking at their phones,
taking selfies, or gossiping.
Ah, it's the corpse girl.
There is a girl in Korea who is
different than all the others.
Subtitles By DramaFever
[Andante]
Hey, this isn't the school.
This is the place we passed last night.
Can you deliver
this letter to this patient?
My name is Lee Shi Young.
I'm a transfer student.
I won't say fake things like,
"Let's all get along."
This is a place of death.
Excuse me?
Think about someone you long to see.
"You don't have much time left,
and you foolishly use it to avoid me."
"Marry me."
What will you have inscribed
on your tombstone when you die?
Hey, Lee Shi Kyung.
So, you guys lie in coffins and
think about your tombstone inscriptions.
How are you any different?